Wow!
I know.
I can't believe it.
You slept with our nanny?
Not when she was your nanny.
See. I told y'all.
This is why you should hire
a big old Polish woman
as your babysitter.
Y'all talking about Dagmara?
Boy. I miss that woman.
-Right?
-Remember when she lifted up
-the truck with everybody in it so I could change a flat?
-Mm-hmm.
Well. your son slept
with the nanny.
Dagmara?
Well. I mean. you a grown man.
but Dagmara?
No. not Dagmara. Our nanny.
Who was not your nanny
at the time.
Okay? It's just
a weird coincidence.
Weird coincidence?
Or inevitability.
considering you've slept
with approximately
95% of the female population
of Los Angeles.
You know us Butler men. boy.
No... tell me how
the Butler men are.
We-we know when to shut up.
We searched for a month
to find the perfect nanny.
and we finally did.
And then Malcolm comes along
and screws everything up.
Okay. Courtney. I am not proud
of how I behaved.
But that was three years ago.
I'm a different guy now.
I will talk to her
and clear the air.
You know. clearly.
your mama was right.
You need a nanny that's less...
"pla-ka-kow."
And more like
"whoop. boop. doo..."
So. you think she's
"pla-ka-kow"?
I've never seen her. baby.
Yes. you did. Dad. you said she
looked like Megan Thee Stallion.
Mm.
I said
I've never seen the woman.
♪ Welcome to the block.
welcome to the neighborhood ♪
♪ Welcome to the hood. ♪
♪
Calvin. you have
got to taste my pickle.
Say what now?
Dave. you want
to try that again?
Yeah. I-I would recommend that.
Look. Calvin. I have realized.
when you get caught up
in that nine-to-five grind.
you don't have time
for the things
that make life worthwhile.
Like pickling.
Behold.
A flight of pickles...
seven individual pickles
chosen just for you.
Full-sour. half-sour.
cornichon. bread-and-butter.
spicy dill. garlic dill.
and spicy garlic dill.
All fresh from the laboratory.
It's not a laboratory.
it's our kitchen.
laundry room.
and now living room.
There are jars everywhere.
-Oh. you poor girl.
-I mean. smell my hair.
Yeah. I didn't want
to say anything.
(alarm beeping)
Ooh. My brine's on simmer.
I'll be right back.
In the meantime.
enjoy the succulent seven.
Oh. we definitely will. Dave.
(chuckles)
Let me get these out of here
before our house starts smelling
like Gemma's hair.
Gemma. um. should we
be worried about Dave?
Yes. Absolutely.
He's been a mess
since he lost his job.
This is the first time he's
left the house in three days.
And he calls himself
"The Pickler."
like some kind
of Batman villain.
Look. don't worry. Gemma.
Whatever we can do to help.
we will. okay?
Absolutely... Calvin.
you'll take Dave
out with you tomorrow night.
-(gasps)
-Of-of course. you know.
if only there was. um...
tomorrow is Wednesday.
And that is
my work late Wednesdays.
I know.
And maybe Dave can join you
at work.
I-I'm sorry.
what work are we talking about?
Calvin has a weekly Spades game
-that he doesn't want you to know about.
-(gasps)
Tina!
So you don't want Dave
to play cards with you?
Wow.
It be your own people.
Gemma. come on. Gemma. come on.
Look. you've just
got to understand.
Dave has infiltrated
my whole life.
I mean. he's at my barbershop.
he all up and through
the yardecues.
He saw Sinners before I did
and spoiled the ending.
I didn't know vampires
Riverdance.
I get it.
So Spades
is your last Black thing.
I mean. you said it. not me.
I mean. you the one
that made it racial.
TINA: Oh. Calvin.
just cut the crap.
The sooner you say yes.
the sooner she can go home
and shower
and I can get the air freshener.
-Okay. fine.
-Oh! Thank you. Thank you.
-Okay. all right now.
-Oh. right. fair. fair.
J'ai des chaussures.
J'ai des chaussettes.
Maman a des chaussures.
Maman a des chaussettes.
Ooh. she's so great.
We have a nanny
who speaks French.
Oui oui. we do.
(knocking)
-Oh. hey.
-Malcolm.
What? Hey... oh.
so did you give her a heads-up?
No. we were too scared.
What if she flips out?
Well. Courtney.
that's a strong possibility.
-Get out of here right now.
-I don't have to leave anywhere.
(overlapping arguing)
Hey. Everette. (chuckles)
It's been a while.
Oh. Hey.
(clears throat) It-It's me.
(exhales) Malcolm.
Malcolm...
We went out.
Oh. yeah. of course. yeah.
You know. it's good to see you.
She don't remember you.
(whispers): Be quiet.
Um. uh. it was three years ago.
Rose Bowl Flea Market?
I bought you an Italian ice?
Oh.
Of course.
Uh. Italian ice.
She don't remember you at all.
DAVE:
Thanks for inviting me. Calvin.
Gotta say. it feels good
to get out.
Hey. look. my pleasure.
Just. um. be cool. man.
Wow. look at this setup.
It's two tables. Dave.
Why have you been
keeping this from me?
Hey. guys.
What's shakin'. bacon?
That's why.
Wow. Calvin.
So I couldn't bring my mama.
but you bring Dave?
Yeah. new blood. man.
Now. who wants
to be his partner?
Come on. Calvin.
you know the rules.
Whoever brings the new dude
has to be his partner.
Who made that rule?
You.
Well. I'll just unmake it.
You can't unmake rules.
That's a rule.
That's stupid.
Who made that rule?
-You.
She went down like a rock.
-Everette and her baby Pilates really wore her out.
-Hey now.
Uh. hello.
Have we met?
Ha ha. Marty.
No. I'm sorry. I just. I just
don't remember you at all.
Man. I can't believe this.
I am a very memorable man.
You are.
Plenty of girls remember you.
And hate you.
-This is a blessing.
-It really is.
I was so worried
we were going to lose Everette.
Let's just take the win.
Maybe she doesn't remember me
because my beard is different.
It's exactly the same.
It is much thicker
and more defined.
Oh. Malcolm. Malcolm. Malcolm.
Maybe you don't do sex well.
♪ ♪
Tina.
This has been... so hard.
Thank you so much
for helping me through it.
You are my rock
and my bestie.
(phone chimes)
Oh.
-I love you.
-(phone chimes)
(phone chimes)
Aw.
A thumbs-up?
That's it? Huh.
Maybe we can hang?
-I need my Tina time.
-(phone chimes)
(phone chimes)
Aw. My girl wants to hang.
Oh. Oh...
(phone chimes)
"K."
One letter? K?
I open myself up to my best
friend and all I get is a "K"?
Or I could just drink
this whole bottle
-by myself.
-(phone chimes)
(phone chimes)
Ha! Girl. you so crazy.
"LOL."
"LOL"?
Ugh! I will not be LOL'd at.
-Ha ha. that's how you do it.
-Yeah.
Boy. we damn near ran
a Boston on y'all. (laughs)
And what is a Boston?
It means they beating our ass.
Dave.
All right. I bid three books.
I got four.
Yeah. I got three.
One.
One? That's all you got?
Well. it's like I always say.
Calvin.
under-promise. over-deliver.
That's not how it works. Dave.
If we over-deliver.
then we're penalized.
A'ight. come on. let's play.
Jack of diamonds.
Ace of diamonds!
Oh. oh. you're coming in hard.
Well. I'm about to
come in harder.
No one is as hard as me.
Hey. Calvin. get your boy. man.
-Four of diamonds.
-Okay.
Ace of spades.
(laughing)
Dave. w-why would you play that?
I already won the hand.
-I know. but now we both won it.
-That's not how it works.
You know what? Time out.
I need another drink.
Okay. Calvin. We've got this.
No. we don't. See. I knew
this was gonna be an issue.
that's why I didn't
really want you here.
No. no. no...
look. I'm a fast learner.
It's not about that.
What do you mean?
Check this out.
-God is good...
-ALL: All the time.
-Whoomp...
-ALL: There it is.
-Don't stop...
-ALL: Get it. get it.
Oh. Okay. you know what?
Now I'm double hurt. Calvin.
Okay. first of all.
I knew the "God was good" thing.
I just wasn't ready.
And second of all.
after all that
we've been through.
you are still
keeping me at an arm's length.
Look. Dave.
you're my man. 50 grand.
But there's a vibe that you
and I don't have...
it-it's a certain...
-Je ne sais quoi?
-Definitely not.
-(sighs)
-Dave.
what he's saying is
you're not like us.
Okay. well. what does that mean?
You don't have a Black bond.
Whoops. There it is.
ALL: It's "whoomp."
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Wow. Dave. you're pretty good
with those cards.
Yeah. well. I was a birthday
party magician for six years.
But you wouldn't
know that. Calvin.
'cause apparently we don't vibe.
Come on. Dave. can we just
win one game. please?
Oh. oh. so you're admitting that
you can't do this without me?
Yes. You literally have
to have a partner to play.
Whatever. y'all.
I'm getting four books.
I got three.
And I got five on it.
Ten.
Ten?
Well. Dave. that means we
would have to win every book.
Come on. man.
you gotta take that back.
Uh-uh. No backsies. Your rule.
Look. Calvin. we can do this.
We have made such a great team
so many times before.
Look. we-we've done
escape rooms together.
We've pop-locked together.
The only thing we haven't done
together is golfed
because I don't
have any clubs of my own.
Dave. what-what are you
talking about?
You've never told me
you wanted to golf.
Right.
Because I don't have any clubs.
All right. okay.
I guess the next time we go.
we'll have to use mine.
But after that.
we can finally catch up on those
last two Kevin Hart movies.
Okay. can we stop talking
about y'all's date night
and get back to the card game?
Don't be a hater. Trey.
Oh. that's it? Okay.
Yup. jack of clubs.
that should walk. right there.
Man. that's all you got?
-Pow!
-Pop. pop.
Okay. well. uh.
two of spades.
Sorry. guys.
Dave. no. you don't say sorry.
This is Spades.
You supposed to talk trash.
Okay. well...
two of spades. Put that
in your pipe and smoke it.
♪ ♪
Courtney.
-Can I talk to you?
-Sure.
Alone? It's a girl thing.
Oh. Okay.
I'll just go around the block.
(chuckles) Oh. hey. Gemma.
(chuckles)
This is going to be hilarious.
Next time you see Malcolm.
act like you don't
remember him at all.
(laughs)
Are you leaving or what?
You text. right?
Yeah. I text.
Oh. Great.
If you were reaching out
to a friend
about something emotional...
you texted them "I love you"...
how would you feel if they
sent back a thumbs-up?
Just a thumb?
Geez. that's harsh.
Right? Well. and then
I texted "Maybe we can hang."
and she sent back a "K."
-A "K"?
-Yes. Courtney. A "K."
And then
this person "LOL'd" at me.
Gemma. I'm sorry.
but she is not your friend.
So I should call her out. right?
-This person is toxic.
-(gasps)
-You have to call her out.
-Oh. I'm gonna let her have it.
-Good.
-Right now.
Oh. God. This friend is Tina?
She's no friend. right?
Your words.
Ah. Tina Butler.
is there anything you can't do?
Tina Butler.
the toxicity ends now!
I'm sorry. what?
You know how vulnerable I am.
My husband lost his job.
He's spiraling...
this afternoon he pickled a yam.
A yam!
I am at my most fragile.
and you "LOL" at me?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Gemma.
slow down.
What are you talking about?
What am I talking about?
Ring a bell?
No. It doesn't.
The texts.
I opened my heart to you.
And you sent back a thumbs-up.
and then a "K."
Gemma.
I was painting my nails.
Well. that's no excuse
for being a...
Oh. so...
you couldn't type.
No!
I was poking the phone
with my knuckles.
So you weren't being mean?
Aw. man.
You are a white girl
that needs a hug.
-I am.
-Oh. my gosh.
-Look...
-(sighs)
I know you're going through
a lot right now.
I mean.
anybody would be freaking out.
I also have a gut full
of pickles and chardonnay.
Ooh. okay.
You know what?
I'll get you some ginger ale.
And let's agree...
text messages are a terrible way
to talk about emotional stuff.
You know? There's no context.
You're right. And I shouldn't
have let Courtney
get me all riled up.
Courtney?
There it is.
12 books in a row.
Come on. Julian.
we gotta win this last one.
Okay. thanks. Trey.
That's helpful.
Come on. now.
show me what you got.
Yeah.
Ah.
Bam! There it is!
That's the sweep. baby!
Swept 'em.
Man. how the hell
did they do that?
Well. I think
it's quite clear. Trey.
Calvin and I have a bond
of our own.
Well. I don't like it.
♪
Hello. Everette.
Hey...
you.
-Malcolm.
Yes. uh. well. listen. I was
just in the neighborhood.
thought I would bring you
an Italian ice.
Maybe jog the old memory.
Ooh. cherry.
-That's my favorite.
-Oh.
-How'd you know that?
-Because we dated.
Ooh.
Right. Look. I'm really sorry
about that.
I just have no recollection.
Which is weird.
because I usually have
-an uncanny memory for most things.
-Mm.
-Like. check this out... Wesley Snipes?
-Okay.
-Mm-hmm.
-His birthday's July 31.
That's crazy. right?
Yeah. that is crazy. (laughs)
You know what else is crazy?
Is that we watched Passenger 57
at your apartment.
Ooh. look. I'm sorry.
Okay. girl. please sit down.
Listen. it was a Saturday night.
We had Thai food.
we watched a movie.
and then we went
to Dave & Busters.
Did we play
that basketball game?
Yeah! Pop-A-Shot. (laughs)
-That was you?
-That was me.
-Oh. my God.
-Yeah.
I beat you.
And you said your machine
wasn't working right.
Okay. well. that does sound
like a legitimate concern.
So we switched machines.
and I beat you again.
And then your friend Trey
laughed at you.
and you had a complete meltdown.
Okay. but I did buy you
mozzarella sticks.
Wow. I really blocked
all that out.
It was. by far.
the worst date I've ever had.
(laughs)
(clears throat)
Are you sure that was me?
Ooh. Hey.
You ate all the pickles.
Yeah. let's go with that.
Well. I hope you enjoyed them.
Because the Pickler
is hanging up his cape.
Yeah. he had a cape.
Which I don't need anymore.
thanks to Calvin.
You know. I don't know if
you know this. Gemma.
but. actually.
I've been in a bit
of a weird place
since I lost my job.
Really?
I know.
I've put on a brave face.
But... (sighs)
I was feeling like a loser.
And. I don't know. last night.
Calvin made me feel
like a winner.
You're damn straight. Hey.
Hey. you know. you're the best
Spades partner I ever had.
Wasn't it amazing?
We were like Butch and Sundance.
Like chicken and waffles.
Like Crate and Barrel.
Okay. that's on me. guys.
I encouraged him.
Well. the dream is over.
Yeah. a month to find
the perfect nanny.
two days for her to quit.
Oh. no. That's a shame.
Yeah. sure is.
You know. I'm still
Facebook friends with Dagmara.
I can reach out.
How old is she now?
Mrs. B?
We may be in need of
a little help with Daphne
next week until we can
find a replacement.
Hmm. I don't know.
Are you sure you want
a babysitter who's toxic?
-Gemma.
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Captioning sponsored by CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by Media Access
Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-